Order 2 for supreme customer arrived at time 1
fetch time 2 minutes, pack time 19 minutes
elapsed time sim1 21 minutes, elapsed time sim2 21 minutes

Order 4 for supreme customer arrived at time 7
fetch time 3 minutes, pack time 17 minutes
elapsed time sim1 24 minutes, elapsed time sim2 20 minutes

Order 8 for supreme customer arrived at time 14
fetch time 3 minutes, pack time 5 minutes
elapsed time sim1 33 minutes, elapsed time sim2 13 minutes

Order 6 for supreme customer arrived at time 10
fetch time 1 minutes, pack time 20 minutes
elapsed time sim1 35 minutes, elapsed time sim2 24 minutes

Order 10 for supreme customer arrived at time 19
fetch time 2 minutes, pack time 11 minutes
elapsed time sim1 37 minutes, elapsed time sim2 19 minutes

Order 12 for supreme customer arrived at time 24
fetch time 3 minutes, pack time 16 minutes
elapsed time sim1 47 minutes, elapsed time sim2 19 minutes

Order 16 for supreme customer arrived at time 31
fetch time 3 minutes, pack time 8 minutes
elapsed time sim1 48 minutes, elapsed time sim2 15 minutes

Order 18 for supreme customer arrived at time 36
fetch time 1 minutes, pack time 7 minutes
elapsed time sim1 50 minutes, elapsed time sim2 14 minutes

Order 14 for supreme customer arrived at time 29
fetch time 1 minutes, pack time 18 minutes
elapsed time sim1 53 minutes, elapsed time sim2 23 minutes

Order 22 for supreme customer arrived at time 41
fetch time 3 minutes, pack time 11 minutes
elapsed time sim1 60 minutes, elapsed time sim2 20 minutes

Order 20 for supreme customer arrived at time 39
fetch time 2 minutes, pack time 16 minutes
elapsed time sim1 63 minutes, elapsed time sim2 23 minutes

Order 24 for supreme customer arrived at time 45
fetch time 2 minutes, pack time 15 minutes
elapsed time sim1 72 minutes, elapsed time sim2 24 minutes

Order 28 for supreme customer arrived at time 53
fetch time 1 minutes, pack time 8 minutes
elapsed time sim1 76 minutes, elapsed time sim2 17 minutes

Order 30 for supreme customer arrived at time 57
fetch time 2 minutes, pack time 3 minutes
elapsed time sim1 75 minutes, elapsed time sim2 15 minutes

Order 26 for supreme customer arrived at time 49
fetch time 2 minutes, pack time 19 minutes
elapsed time sim1 80 minutes, elapsed time sim2 31 minutes

Order 36 for supreme customer arrived at time 69
fetch time 2 minutes, pack time 2 minutes
elapsed time sim1 80 minutes, elapsed time sim2 13 minutes

Order 32 for supreme customer arrived at time 60
fetch time 1 minutes, pack time 14 minutes
elapsed time sim1 86 minutes, elapsed time sim2 24 minutes

Order 34 for supreme customer arrived at time 64
fetch time 3 minutes, pack time 15 minutes
elapsed time sim1 89 minutes, elapsed time sim2 26 minutes

Order 40 for supreme customer arrived at time 76
fetch time 3 minutes, pack time 6 minutes
elapsed time sim1 91 minutes, elapsed time sim2 19 minutes

Order 3 for regular customer arrived at time 4
fetch time 2 minutes, pack time 19 minutes
elapsed time sim1 21 minutes, elapsed time sim2 92 minutes

Order 38 for supreme customer arrived at time 72
fetch time 2 minutes, pack time 19 minutes
elapsed time sim1 96 minutes, elapsed time sim2 30 minutes

Order 11 for regular customer arrived at time 22
fetch time 2 minutes, pack time 8 minutes
elapsed time sim1 33 minutes, elapsed time sim2 82 minutes

Order 1 for regular customer arrived at time 0
fetch time 1 minutes, pack time 13 minutes
elapsed time sim1 14 minutes, elapsed time sim2 105 minutes

Order 5 for regular customer arrived at time 8
fetch time 3 minutes, pack time 20 minutes
elapsed time sim1 34 minutes, elapsed time sim2 102 minutes

Order 15 for regular customer arrived at time 30
fetch time 2 minutes, pack time 5 minutes
elapsed time sim1 44 minutes, elapsed time sim2 85 minutes

Order 13 for regular customer arrived at time 26
fetch time 1 minutes, pack time 13 minutes
elapsed time sim1 43 minutes, elapsed time sim2 91 minutes

Order 7 for regular customer arrived at time 13
fetch time 2 minutes, pack time 14 minutes
elapsed time sim1 32 minutes, elapsed time sim2 106 minutes

Order 17 for regular customer arrived at time 34
fetch time 3 minutes, pack time 15 minutes
elapsed time sim1 55 minutes, elapsed time sim2 96 minutes

Order 19 for regular customer arrived at time 37
fetch time 3 minutes, pack time 20 minutes
elapsed time sim1 65 minutes, elapsed time sim2 100 minutes

Order 9 for regular customer arrived at time 17
fetch time 1 minutes, pack time 19 minutes
elapsed time sim1 47 minutes, elapsed time sim2 121 minutes

Order 25 for regular customer arrived at time 47
fetch time 3 minutes, pack time 8 minutes
elapsed time sim1 63 minutes, elapsed time sim2 91 minutes

Order 21 for regular customer arrived at time 40
fetch time 2 minutes, pack time 1 minutes
elapsed time sim1 50 minutes, elapsed time sim2 99 minutes

Order 27 for regular customer arrived at time 52
fetch time 1 minutes, pack time 8 minutes
elapsed time sim1 73 minutes, elapsed time sim2 94 minutes

Order 31 for regular customer arrived at time 59
fetch time 3 minutes, pack time 3 minutes
elapsed time sim1 73 minutes, elapsed time sim2 90 minutes

Order 29 for regular customer arrived at time 55
fetch time 2 minutes, pack time 13 minutes
elapsed time sim1 83 minutes, elapsed time sim2 95 minutes

Order 23 for regular customer arrived at time 42
fetch time 3 minutes, pack time 20 minutes
elapsed time sim1 79 minutes, elapsed time sim2 117 minutes

Order 35 for regular customer arrived at time 67
fetch time 3 minutes, pack time 2 minutes
elapsed time sim1 81 minutes, elapsed time sim2 94 minutes

Order 33 for regular customer arrived at time 63
fetch time 3 minutes, pack time 15 minutes
elapsed time sim1 84 minutes, elapsed time sim2 102 minutes

Order 39 for regular customer arrived at time 74
fetch time 3 minutes, pack time 20 minutes
elapsed time sim1 99 minutes, elapsed time sim2 95 minutes

Order 37 for regular customer arrived at time 70
fetch time 1 minutes, pack time 13 minutes
elapsed time sim1 91 minutes, elapsed time sim2 104 minutes


sim1 min elapsed time 14 minutes
sim1 max elapsed time 99 minutes
sim1 mean elapsed time 59 minutes
40 orders processed


sim2 min elapsed time 13 minutes
sim2 max elapsed time 121 minutes
sim2 mean elapsed time for all customers 59 minutes
sim2 mean elapsed time for supreme customers 20 minutes
sim2 mean elapsed time for regular customers 98 minutes
40 orders processed

